[hipBLASLt] Fix shard overlay convergence (#5354)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipblaslt/CMakeLists.txt

endif()
message(STATUS "Building for GPU targets: ${GPU_TARGETS}")

set(HIPBLASLT_DIST_TARGETS "" CACHE STRING
    "Full distribution GPU target list for metadata generation (hipblasltExtOpLibrary.dat, \
TensileLiteLibrary_lazy_Mapping, hipblasltTransform.hsaco). When set by TheRock, all shards \

> produce identical metadata files, making shard overlay safe. Defaults to GPU_TARGETS when unset.")

Author: ```suggestion
    "Full distribution GPU target list. When set by TheRock, all shards produce artifacts for each target in distribution list. Defaults to GPU_TARGETS when unset.")
```
